OSDOCS-9994: add RN entry (#73488)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-16-release-notes.adoc

[id="ocp-4-16-rhcos"]
=== {op-system-first}

==== {op-system} now uses {op-system-base} 9.4

> {op-system} now uses {op-system-base-full} 9.4 packages in {product-title} {product-version}. These packages ensure that your {product-title} instances receives the latest fixes, features, enhancements, hardware support, and driver updates. Excluded from this change, {product-title} 4.14 is an Extended Update Support (EUS) release that will continue to use {op-system-base} 9.2 EUS packages for the entirety of its lifecycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{op-system} now uses {op-system-base-full} 9.4 packages in {product-title} {product-version}. These packages ensure that your {product-title} instances receive the latest fixes, features, enhancements, hardware support, and driver updates. As an Extended Update Support (EUS) release,{product-title} 4.14 is excluded from this change and will continue to use {op-system-base} 9.2 EUS packages for the entirety of its lifecycle.
```
- Fix typo
- Consider the edit I made to the second sentence. Not sure if I changed the meaning, but as it's currently worded it seems a bit awkward. Lmk if you have questions.

Author: this does sound better, thanks Brian!
